Adding a DTO object to control curl verbose logging (#12)
escopecz/mautic-form-submit: README.md

// Define the namespace of the Mautic object
use Escopecz\MauticFormSubmit\Mautic;

// Define the namespace of the Mautic configuration object
use Escopecz\MauticFormSubmit\Mautic\Config;

> // Declare the configuration object and set Curl verbose logging to true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// It's optional to declare the configuration object to change some default values.
// For example to disable Curl verbose logging.
```

$config = new Config;

> $config->setCurlVerbose(1);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$config->setCurlVerbose(true);
```
